# 2023-10-30 Infrastructure Team Meeting

## [In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

- Set up Mastodon instance ([infra-team#75](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/75))
  - Server has been set up and `@rust` account has been created
  - Next action: Check with Mara if privileges of `@rust` account can be lowered
    again
  - Next action: Investigate if we can still configure the WebFinger to support
    `@rust@rust-lang.org` usernames

- Migrate Monitoring to Datadog ([infra-team#73](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/73))
  - Working on proof-of-concept to test logging platform with crates.io team
  - Goal is to deprecate Papertrail, where we're hitting the daily log volume
    limit again
  - Next action: Onboard crates.io and on-call teams

- Create infrastructure for rust-lang/bors ([infra-team#77](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/77))

- Migrate docs.rs to RDS and ECS ([simpleinfra#353](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/353))
  - No recent progress
  - Next action: Take over open pull request to build images with Packer

## [Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

- [Update AWS policies for Billing, Cost Management, and Account consoles](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/359)
  - Deadline until 2023-12-11

## Zulip

- [x] [perf is not healthy](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/perf.20is.20not.20healthy)
- [nightly 2023-10-22 missing](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/nightly.202023-10-22.20missing)
  - [x] @jdno will create a tracking issue on GitHub
- [cirrus ci for rustc_codegen_cranelift](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/cirrus.20ci.20for.20rustc_codegen_cranelift)
  - [x] @jdno will follow up on the topic
- [can't suppress merge commit warning](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/can't.20suppress.20merge.20commit.20warning)
  - Will probably require a code change
- [call with github](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/call.20with.20github)
- [Add perms for `rust-lang/rust` for T-lang-ops](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/Add.20perms.20for.20.60rust-lang.2Frust.60.20for.20T-lang-ops)
  - [x] Grant team permissions manually
  - [x] Created a [tracking issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/363)
- [x] [doc.crates.io CNAME missing](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/doc.2Ecrates.2Eio.20CNAME.20missing)
  - CNAME has been added now that we control the domain on GitHub again
- [New pull request assignment proposal](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/New.20pull.20request.20assignment.20proposal)
  - Introduces new authentication logic, which needs to be reviewed
  - [x] @jdno and Jakub will review the pull request
- [Putting Fuchsia in crater](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/Putting.20Fuchsia.20in.20crater)
  - Discussion, no action needed right now
- [x] [crater priority policy](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/crater.20priority.20policy)
- [bors can't pull image, HTTP 429](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/bors.20can't.20pull.20image.2C.20HTTP.20429)
- [Docs redirect minor version to latest patch](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/Docs.20redirect.20minor.20versions.20to.20latest.20patch)
  - No concerns, valid feature request
  - [x] Created a [tracking issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/360)
- [sluggish S3 upload](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/sluggish.20S3.20upload)
