# 2023-11-13 Infrastructure Team Meeting

## Review

### Last Meeting

- Nothing to review.

### [In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

- Migrate Monitoring to Datadog ([infra-team#73](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/73))
  - Next action: Review permissions and roles
  - Next action: Onboard crates.io and on-call teams

- Create infrastructure for rust-lang/bors ([infra-team#77](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/77))

- Migrate docs.rs to RDS and ECS ([simpleinfra#353](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/353))
  - Next action: Take over open pull request to build images with Packer

### [Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

### Zulip

- [RLA silence](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/RLA.20Silence)
  - Waiting for pull request review
  - [ ] JD will review the pull request
- [ZenDesk](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/ZenDesk)
  - Request to set up ZenDesk for the council and route `council@rust-lang.org`
    there
  - Next actions: Estimate costs, get approval, and then set up a new account
  - [ ] JD will estimate costs and get approval from the Rust Foundation

## Topics

- Do we want to move these notes to [rust-lang/infra-team](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team)
  after the meeting?
  - Yes.
- Any topics for the call with GitHub later today?
  - Jakub: Any updates on caching Docker layers?
    - We will ask, but probably no news.
    - We should implement a proper fix anyways, not rely on the hack that is in
      place right now.
    - See [#t-infra > CI caches](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/CI.20caches)
      on Zulip
