# 2023-11-20 - Rust Infrastructure Team Meeting

## Review

### Last Meeting

- [RLA silence](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/RLA.20Silence)
  - Waiting for @jdno to review the pull request
- [ZenDesk](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/ZenDesk)
  - Waiting for @jdno to estimate costs and get approval from the Rust
    Foundation

### [In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

- Migrate Monitoring to Datadog ([infra-team#73](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/73))
  - Next action: Summarize implementation details for infra-team
  - Next action: Onboard crates.io and on-call teams

- Create infrastructure for rust-lang/bors ([infra-team#77](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/77))

- Migrate docs.rs to RDS and ECS ([simpleinfra#353](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/353))
  - Next action: Take over open pull request to build images with Packer

### [Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

- Nothing to review.

### Zulip

- [merge queue for miri-test-libstd?](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/merge.20queue.20for.20miri-test-libstd.3F)
  - Waiting for merge queue to be enabled in repository
  - [ ] @jdno will provide documentation for branch rules
  - [x] @jdno will enable the feature for the miri-test-libstd repo
- [www.rust-lang.org Pontoon translations](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/www.2Erust-lang.2Eorg.20Pontoon.20translations)
  - Logging into Pontoon instance has been broken (since May 2022)
  - Internal server error implies issue with outdated authentication library
  - Forwarding our fork is not possible due to squashed migrations upstream
  - Last suggestion was upgrading to the commit before the squash
  - Next action: Attempt multi-step upgrade again, then reconsider our options
  - [x] @jdno will create [issue on backlog](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/91)
- [Email sent to spam](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/Emails.20sent.20to.20spam)
  - `all@` email list receives quite a lot of spam since anyone can send
    messages to it
  - Prior discussion to migrate the list to Google Groups, currently blocked
    by [SSO for infra](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/64)
  - Next action: Discuss and prioritize when planning 2024
  - [ ] @jdno will set up a sync meeting
- [bors can't pull image, HTTP 429](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/bors.20can't.20pull.20image.2C.20HTTP.20429)
  - GitHub Actions is hitting a rate limit on Docker Hub for third-party images
    (e.g. `ubuntu:22.04`)
  - Next action: Monitor frequency of issues before making a decision
- [static downloads - bazel](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/static.20downloads.20-.20bazel)
  - Getting bazel to use `.xz` downloads by default might help with bandwidth
    usage
- [Confused by crater results](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/Confused.20by.20crater.20results)
  - Question about the difference between "dependencies" and "root results" in
    crater reports
  - [ ] @simulacrum will respond to question

## Topics

- [Proposal to merge infra and release teams](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/392734-council/topic/Rough.20draft.20proposal.20merging.20Infra.20and.20Release.20teams)
  - Rescheduled for next time since @rylev was not available
- [Backoffice for pull request assignments](https://github.com/rust-lang/triagebot/pull/1745#issuecomment-1812676696)
  - Waiting for pull request review from infra-team
  - [x] @jdno will review pull request this week
- [Add CI OIDC access to new bors branches](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/pull/355)
  - Waiting for pull request review from infra-team and Walter
