# 2024-03-04

## Review

### Last Meeting

- [ZenDesk](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/ZenDesk)
    - Waiting for @jdno to research possible alternatives
- [Add CI OIDC access to new bors branches](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/pull/355)
    - Waiting for review by the infra-team

### [In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

- Fix disk space alerts on the dev-desktops ([simpleinfra#391](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/391))
    - Pull request with cronjob is ready for review

- Migrate Monitoring to Datadog ([infra-team#73](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/73))
    - Permissions have been refactored for better team support
    - Request to bring in CDN logs to unblock crates.io
    - Next action: Summarize implementation details for infra-team

- Create infrastructure for rust-lang/bors ([infra-team#77](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/77))

- Manage rust-lang/rust in team repository ([simpleinfra#363](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/363))
    - Blocked by missing support for GitHub Apps

- Migrate docs.rs to RDS and ECS ([simpleinfra#353](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/issues/353))
    - Next action: Take over open pull request to build images with Packer

### [Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/rust-lang/projects/24/views/1)

No new issues.

### Zulip

- [require subteam-of](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/require.20subteam-of)
    - Any concerns requiring `subteam-of` field in team repo?
- [Bors review comments](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/242791-t-infra/topic/Bors.20review.20comments)
    - Bors ignores commands in review comments
    - Might require additional event for webhook

## Topics

- Recent instability of bors
  - Can we unblock the rewrite in Rust?
    - Waiting on pull request for OIDC access
    - Pull request tries to improve current state
    - Can probably be split to focus on actionable goals
